Mr. Chu, please take a seat
The clouds have admired Mr. for many years
I didn't keep looking for opportunities
Thanks.
Mr. Chu's help to me at Skylark International
Skylark International is not just a Golden Melody Award
The big money behind
It is the leading capital of the domestic entertainment industry
I'm just an ordinary person.
Where can I help
You got the wrong person.
The black card in your hand was specially made by me back then
This is the only chapter in China
Do you still want to deny your identity?
Wow, a friend of mine asked me to bring this.
I don't know the one you're talking about.
just right
Return to original owner
Well, anyway, thanks, Mr. Chen.
Mr. Lin specially invited me here today
Not just to thank you